I remember the first time we met and the feeling I had come over me. I was a little nervous as you could probably tell, but I always felt that you had this warm energy that was impossible not to be drawn to.
I am so thankful for all we have in common, the sacrifices you make to join in on activities that I love, and above all, I am so thankful for you. I hope we never stop loving together.
You have countless things going for you. It's a privilege to be by your side and see all the great things you do and will continue to do!
I don't know who I need to thank or what god I prayed to, but all I can do is thank my lucky stars that I found someone so perfect for me as you. Please never change.
I feel incredibly loved and secure with you, and I cherish how every day we continue to grow as people as my love grows for you each day simultaneously. I have so much love for you, I am so thankful we crossed paths, and I look forward more than anything to our future together.
You're the most hardworking, thoughtful, funny, personable, smartest, well-rounded person I know. You make it easy to love you.
I'm super proud of you. You never fail to impress me when you talk about your goals or do little things that show your thoughftulness for others. I really appreciate that about you.
I knew early on you were going to be the kind of person I'd want to spend all my days with, and look at us now. I appreciate so many things about you, but one thing that sticks out is how genuine of a person you are. The way you choose to be passionate about teaching, activism, and volunteering just goes to show what kind of person you are and that you fight for the greater good.
You're so talented it's unreal. I'm so proud of you for all the hard work you put in on your art and I really think you have a future if you keep it up and want to make a future out of it in some way.
You bring so much happiness into my life. I can't wait to spend the school year with you in your new apartment and make many more memories this year and for years to come!
These lines don't do the love I have for you justice! I am beyond lucky to call you my girlfriend. You're always on my mind, and life just feels so easy with you. Thank you for loving me in ways I never could have imagined being loved.
